[Music]
Well, then Fran was there too.
We'll make a video here on this channel,
for sure.  We'll make a video on this topic
and go into everything in depth, okay?  I'll
see what Fran said later
, okay?  But it's completely
disgusting, completely disgusting, now.
I mean, go get the children, send
things to the children, right?  And also,
let's see this extract, right?  This is
because they've also been saying that
Fran Cuesta kills animals, that
this is the ultimate, right?  Who's also
been saying all week,
"Well, in the end this is all this
[ __ ], right? The fact that they're still saying this
[ __ ] is against him, you know?
But since they've gone after the children,
tremendous, tremendous. But anyway, let's
watch this video which is about eh Fran
explaining about the poison he gives to
the animals. Do you want to browse the
internet safely and also access
all the content on your
favorite platforms like Netflix, HBO Max or Disney
Plus, Cyberghost, VPN? And I don't know if you
know, but there's content that is
n't available in your country. And with this
little trick you can access all the
content, wherever you are. I don't know if you
know what a VPN is, but it's an
extension that you put on your internet with
which you mask your IP. And apart from
browsing completely safely and anonymously
without anyone being able to know who you are and
where you are, it helps you access
some content that is blocked
in your country. There are movies and series on
your favorite platforms that are not
available.  There are
television programs, for example, on Mediaset,
content that if you try to watch them outside
of Spain, they have a geoblock that
prevents you from doing so.  Well, with Cyberghost VPN that's
over.  In addition to being protected and
browsing anonymously, you'll be able to
access content from all over the
world.  Plus, you'll have
complete privacy, as it keeps your connection
private and protects your data.
Ultra-fast speeds eliminate lag in
any online game, so
you can enjoy live streaming without
interruptions.  And as I've already told you,
freedom to access all the
content on the planet, wherever and whenever
you want.  Plus, get an 83%
discount using the link
in the description of this video.  And be
careful, because you can try Cyberghost VPN for
45 days without obligation and if you're not
convinced, you can request a refund and
get your money back.  So don't wait
any longer to protect your connection and enhance
your internet experience.  Click
the link in the description and take advantage of
this super Cyberghost VPN offer to
browse completely freely and securely.
We continue with the video.  When I tell you
this, why?  Because the other day I
did a live stream and suddenly I said,
well, dogs were coming in here and such and we were
throwing stones at them, we were
shooting them with one of
those BB guns and I was putting
poison on them or I explained that it wasn't poison, it
was a laxative.  Why do I say this?
Because there was a person working here a
long time ago who was obsessed with
poison and he will say that I am lying.  But
I told him many times, "Poison never, never."
Because I have a very bad experience
with poison, okay?  Hey, and I don't want any
poison around here.  And I said it actively and
passively and always as long as you don't use
poison.  And I ended up saying, "Yes,
I'm putting poison. I'm going to
poison all of you. I'm going to poison all of you
."  In fact, I'm going to show you
something.  Look, here came the dogs,
cats that came in from other houses.
I'm not talking about one dog or two
dogs, I'm talking about 14 dogs, 16
dogs that were all getting in
here.  Packs of packs.  I arrived here one day.
Wait, I'll give it to you now.  I arrived
here one day.  Yes, man.  Heavy,
yes, I know.  Here, here, here.
Pill.
Here, here, here.  I just came here one day
, okay?  And I found all the
animals dead, including the
meerkats.  This is something I've never
said, okay?  Because?  Because it
seemed very sad to me.  I said, "No, they went
to the savannah, such and such, including the
meerkats, okay? Hey, everything, everything was
dead and I decided that was it. Everything I know
that could be done was done, okay?
We had to rebuild the whole fence, the
whole fence. And that doesn't happen
overnight. So I started throwing
stones at them, shooting them with the
BB gun, plastic BB guns
that don't kill them, so that it hurts them
and gets into their body. Okay.
And yes, Fran should give so many
explanations already, Sara, but always,
always, always, if you realize
absolutely everything they're saying,
they spend hours and hours and hours and hours
slandering, okay? Working, no,
working hours and hours and hours
slandering. And you arrive in 10
minutes, 5 minutes, you explain it and off you go.
And they're always,
always, always, always left
completely dismantled. The first day,  What
the first day was about was the money. I do
n't know if you remember. The first day was
about the money, saying that Fran
had spent the money from
the collection on cars.  Okay, in 15 minutes
we grabbed a calculator, pin, boom, bang,
two clicks, there we go, it's out.  You ignore
them for a week and they spend a week
slandering you every single day,
okay?  Defaming.  Because?  Because
justice is very slow and you have to remain
silent while they defame you
and defame you and defame you and defame you.
You answer one little thing, you take it down in a
flash and they come up with something else.  And the
last thing, right?  The good thing, the poison,
that's what's been the thing this week, the
poison that Fran uses to kill dogs.  Okay, man,
yes Fran, yes Fran, and yes at night
before we went to sleep
the neighbors' dogs would come to the
door and sit like this at the door of
the sanctuary, at the front door,
waiting for Fran to bring them food and
next to the
door were the sacks of food for the
neighbors' dogs and the dogs would come
, well, the neighbors' dogs
abandoned there, right?  The dogs
approach the door of the sanctuary
and stand there at the door to eat.
If a dog, yes yes a dog, if an
animal comes every day at the same
time to the door of the sanctuary and
sits and waits for Fran, that is not
because this Javi Oliveira and Fran are
playing the role in front of me.  That's
because that dog has that routine and
is doing it every day and the
village dogs stand at the
door of the house of the sanctuary of the
front door.  This is the back one.
This is the camp that's on
the other side, okay?  And they sit and
wait for Fran at the door every
night.  That's because Fran will
do it every night, right?  That's because
they have a routine.  I think that's what appears in
one of my videos.  I don't know which one
it will appear in, but it will definitely appear in one of
my series videos.  Look for it,
look for it.  What the hell is it that he gives poison
to dogs to kill them for fun?
Will there be an explanation?  No, no, no.  That
gives them poison.  Fran, the dog killer.
Fran, the dog killer.  Fran gets up
in the morning, kills a wild boar, kills an
ostrich, kills, kills a dog.  He is a
murderer.  Okay.  And who are they
telling you?  Well, these people.  That is, we have
gone from Fran telling some lie,
Fran making a show of this, Fran making a show
of that.  There, dog killer.
animal killer.  Yeah, yeah, I said the other day that I
put poison in them, but I didn't put
poison in them.  What I did was I put them
here because the cats came and killed
everything.
Speaking of poison, what do you send me,
Salom?  Because I remember that at the
beginning of discovering all
this, you told Fran, Fran, ranaway
from Javi Oliveira, eh, open up, open up to
him.  How are you, Yasmina?  I have had
animals and I know what it is like to have my
animals attacked even if they have a fence.  I don't know if
you have ever put
rat poison,
rat poison, uh, glue in your housing estate, in your apartment building, right?  It was like
a glue now, I don't know what it was
called, right?  For the rats, for the
areas where the rats entered
the block, right?  They put poisons
and things.  And that you are a
rat killer.  You're a rat killer, aren't you?  You don't
want rats getting into your house, do you
?  Of course, when they're telling you that
Fran from the jungle kills dogs with
guns and with poison, well, of course,
you're a little like that, but of course,
you have an explanation, what
explanation is the one you have.  Okay, so
here Fran is giving you the explanation,
huh?  Go on your own, open up.  And he's
done the exact opposite, man.  This is
a stalker that I have, okay?  That's
great, this has a lore that you can
see on my telesalseo channel.  He's done
everything to harass me, everything to
harass me.  He has been on an
incredible persecution spree and is hanging around with
anyone who tries to hurt me.  Okay,
he went after Joan Planas, he went
after the SS Connection guys when the
SS Connection guys threatened me, okay?
And they insulted us and all that stuff.
She went looking for him, everything, everything, everything,
man.  It's tremendous.  And now you have the
Ret here.  Every person who has
committed crimes against me, she
takes it to her channel.  Well, if he
hadn't made that decision, maybe he
wouldn't have been bothered and he wouldn't have
done the investigation that
ended up in the Spanish newspapers.
So there, I mean, notice how this
is textbook harassment, okay?  In other words,
we're asking you not to hang out with
Javi Oliveira.  If you team up with Javi
Oliveira, we're coming for you.  And you're telling yourself this
clearly here, that is, you who
have made the decision to continue
talking to Javi, then take it.   I
mean, it's not just that Fran
was really pissing us off.   He
was doing things that were
harming our work or he
was exposing Fran, he was
getting on our nerves.  No, no, no, no.
What Fran did to make them decide to
do all this to him was join me and they
're acknowledging it.  And it makes me very
sad because in the end,
what they do with this is that people don't
want to hang out with me, they don't want to
follow me, they don't like me at all, okay?  And this
is what they're trying to do, look, by
all means, the balls and
Cerlend would have done the investigation
that ended up in the Spanish newspapers.
So there's cause and effect,
right?  Because you cause consequence, that
is, they are basically telling you.  And
this, well, man, a person like Fran doesn't
give a damn about it
.  I'm going to hang out with whoever
the hell I want.  You're not going to come
, eh, to But of course, other
people who come from outside, eh, for
example, that you want to eh, interview
or things like that, right?  Look, I'm going
to show you something, okay?  Well,
what these people are doing to you is, and
all sorts of measures are being taken against this,
okay?  The thing is, it's very slow,
very slow.  A lawsuit was filed last week
, another lawsuit is being filed this week
.  Look, look.  This
is because I was on
Iker Jimnez's show, okay?  Well,
what is it that makes Javier, the
mystery ship, start chasing him,
right?  To chase the person who
gave me a spot on TV, right?  Look,
don't bring Javi Oliveira, who is
convicted of berating and humiliating stories
about other YouTubers.  They don't leave you a good
spot, okay?  There to the Mystery Ship,
here also to Here also to the
Mystery Ship, to Carmen here because we went to
eh well, we didn't get there, but this is
a program that you already know that they call me
a lot and we collaborate
sometimes, right?  Well, this is code 10 which
is for the night, but you know
that some mornings I go to
Nacho Ab's when there's something I've
told you or whatever, right?  Thank goodness
Iker Jimnez is ignoring this, right?  And
Nacho Ab has also ignored them, you
understand?  Obviously, because you see them and you
just have to see them.  Okay,
look here, Javier Urra, the
child advocate, who has come here several times,
who we've interviewed and all that
stuff, right?  Well, look, the same thing, they
stand behind him.  So, of course,
this is harassment.  This is literally
harassment because there are people who
are not like Nacho Abat or who are not like
Iker Jimnez or Javier Urra, who just don't
give a damn and keep coming, eh,
or Fran, right?, who has continued to hang out
with us and is suffering the
consequences, right?  In the end, there are
people who back down and don't
cooperate with us.  I mean, because you
can say, "Wow, Iker brought
Javi to talk about me on your show."  And
then you do tag Iker and
show him things, you know?  And no, but
I'm on Iker Jimnez's show
talking about a topic that
has nothing to do with them.  It's that
Javier Urra came here to this channel.
Javier Urra came to talk
about Isabel de
Anabel Pantoja on one occasion and on another occasion he came
to talk about this crime in Badaj,
okay?  Of the children in care and
these people are behind them harassing them, okay?  And
then, what do they cause?
Unfortunately, people usually don't
take them into account, okay?  But many
times they cause you to lose work, and
people who don't want
to collaborate with you, who don't want to
hang out with you.  Okay?  He says, "They
made me doubt, eh, Javi, that I'm about to
undo my greeting. A kiss, Pablo."
No, no, but there are a lot of people who, uh,
there are a lot of people who have been
persecuted for following me and for
subscribing to this channel, even for
being here in the chat, for becoming
members and things like that.  It is what it is.
That's what they're trying to do, well, here
we are with 5,000 people every
night, no, they're not getting much
results, they're getting more frustrated.
Now, for example, if I continue collaborating
in any space, they get
more frustrated, they get more angry, and they keep
raising the level.  What did they anchor with?
Well, with scenes of pedophilia like the ones you
've seen, what I told you
before, pedophile comments, eh,
attacking Fran's children,
anyway.  I put in this gossip, in this
gossip here, okay?  I used to put
food mixed with an ointment which
is a laxative.  It is a laxative.  Okay,
actually there must still be one here.
There sure are.  There sure are.  I put it
here
and well, there isn't any, but it was a laxative that
I put
here.  Look, there are still some here.
This was it.  This is a laxative, okay?  This is
a [ __ ] laxative.  So that?  So that
the animals would [ __ ].  Okay, here
we have a translated image, okay?  And
here you have the truth about the poison.  Well,
not everyone, sir, not everyone.
The more they attack you, the more support we will
give you.  A kiss, queen.  Thank you so much.
Yes, let's see, yes, but there are probably
a lot of people who don't.  Surely there are
many people who don't, Sister.  I mean, even
though we still
have a lot of views, we
are the most-watched gossip channel.  That
's right.  And that's no matter how much it hurts,
okay?  It's like that in
live viewers, in video views, in everything,
in impact, uh, in everything, right?  Eh,
but surely it would be, we would have
many more viewers, many more
collaborations, many more interviews and
many more things if it weren't for the harassment.  I
mean, there are a lot of content creators,
maybe a lot of YouTubers who would maybe
come for an interview, a
talk, or for us to do I don't know what, for us to do I do
n't know how much, right?  Either they
mention you or they don't mention you, if it
weren't because they know that mentioning yourself or
speaking out or being on our side,
well, it will lead to these people
extorting them, persecuting them, publishing
private things about them, do you understand?
No, I mean, there are people who don't
care, there are people who don't
care, but hey, you know what I mean?  But they
know perfectly well that by joining
us, they'll have these people
around them publishing, of course, it's not
worth it for them.  Well, you're going to have these people
around you publishing intimate photos of you
, intimate content of yours,
documents.  Eh, there are many, there is a lot of
material, there are many crimes.  There are
many crimes.  Well, here you have
the famous poison.  The famous poison,
okay?  Look, it relieves body aches and pains
, treats muscle pain,
gas pain, treats
stomach pains, and is a
laxative.  Here is
the famous poison.  Oh, okay.  Still,
look, I still have, look, three left
for the animals to [ __ ] themselves.  And
why did I want them to [ __ ] themselves?  Well,
because it creates a memory inside the
animal in which it says anything
that eats me in this place.  Good
night, Javi.  How are you?  Did you see
Sape's video?  There, Fran mentions Yuye for
praising her for a meal and so they say that
he speaks badly of her.  I had it here to
see.  If you want, we can see it.  If you want, we
can take a look.  Now they
wanted to mess with me too and I didn't
care.  Yes, Andrea, but there are people who do
.  There are people who do.  It's going to
make me [ __ ] my pants and
they'd stop coming with that intensity,
especially the cats because they would come and
take a hen, they would take a
chicken, they would take whatever.
Okay.  Cats that live around because they
have them in the houses and let them loose,
especially in a house that has 16
dogs.  16 that you can't even ride a motorcycle
near.  Well, we told the owner.  The
owner said, well, what, eh, make the fence
higher.  Okay, we'll start putting up all the
things I'm telling you about, the wire fence and everything,
but quick fixes.  No animal died here
.  In fact, two gangs
had been killed.  Once this person
said, "Come on, we have to kill them, such and such."  I say,
"No, no, look, there are already several
dead."  Where?  Look how it smells.
Because?  Because I
had also brought in the gangs I had killed so that they would
eat them, eat them right away and not
come back.  Do you understand?  Badly done.  I do
n't think so, because I'll defend my animals
with anything, and if these
dogs came in a pack and this
person knows it, this person knows it
because he came this way and he
always carried the machete that went around there, I
mean, I can lie about many
things, I can, but don't come to me now
with dog killers and cat killers.  I explained in
a live broadcast that I do call it
poison.  Because?  Because he was very
heavy on the poison issue and I
always said, "Not poison him. Of course, I
'm going to poison them all, I'm going to
kill them all, I'm going to destroy them
all."  Because?  Because I didn't want
him to bring poison here.  I didn't want him to
bring poison here.  I had a very
bad experience with poison
many years ago, with animals having
rat poison and a dog
eating that rat poison and, as a
result, he was sick for almost
three weeks.  So, let it be
clear that you are going to hear a lot of things.
What's up, chuchinilini?  You're already starting
wiki wiki.  Let it be very clear that there are
a lot of manipulations going on out
there, okay?  Of people who
are telling another story.  I said it
very clearly and I do it for the animals.  And
many hypocritical people will say now, "But
oh, for the poor dogs. If
six dogs come into your neighborhood and they're
attacking your dog, come on, if you have
a gun you shoot them six times. Well,
I do the same thing with my animals. I went and
talked to them twice. Twice they told me to
[ __ ] off. I was
building the fence. They kept coming in. What do I
do? What do I do? Did I kill them? No, not a single
animal died here. I don't know if they'll
post these photos or videos or not here.
Not here. Two dead rods. I
told them, "Yes, yes." I filled them with all that
ointment so
the dogs or cats would defecate from their legs.
Here the cats came. Four cats
came. They killed everything. I started
putting out that food for them so they would defecate.
I left chickens that had been killed with
the gossip inside so they would defecate.
But here not a single animal died. And
an animal doesn't die because it  Give me a Laxan. Let's
be clear. Let's be very clear.
Okay? Okay, that's it. And I
had a video here that I
also rescued on Twitter.  I don't know if Luares
is sending me something else that is
telling me all this.  I would love to
expand on it.  Let's see if I can expand on that
here.  Look, there you have it.  Okay, this is
a video of Fran with the dogs I
rescued from Twitter that sends me
places.  Ah, man, talk to the people in the
chat.   I
don't know if you're listening to me.  Talk to
the people in the group.  I'm sure Roman,
Wale, Wizard and everyone else can help you.
Dogs, you see, they live on the street, there are
gangs of dogs, right?  And all these
dogs have a bad time, they get hit.  But
what is this?  The beginning of Well, of
course, I'm seeing it like this, it looks a
little bad.  This is the beginning of your
Where is that?  What's up, guys?
Well, I've been searching for a while and haven't
found anything, so there's only one Fran Cuesta
, he wasn't born in Argentina.  Whoever
wants to continue questioning it about money
, let them do so. Those who
want to doubt don't need any excuse other
than the S o g a n sucking.  Georgio,
give Luare a hand.  I'm going to
tell you several things.  I'm going to keep
looking for these little trees that are more
leafy than the ones I'm looking for.
I want to see that.  This is not super
shitty and people love shitty.
But look at him, look at the guy.  Oh no, but
this isn't the video.  Okay, we're still
watching this one.  They shake them, they give them a tut,
and what I do is I bring them
food and I put food out for them.  You can
give them names, you can call them whatever
you want, but what you're doing is
trying to make their life a little bit
better.  Okay?  Because?  Well, because they
live on the street, because you have to be
here to see it, to understand it, and it's
very easy to criticize from home by saying
anything.  You realize they are
very scared dogs who appreciate it when you
bring them food, okay?
that they know where they can come to
eat.  And in this case, this little dog,
who as you can see we've been
feeding for quite a few weeks, if not
months now, is here waiting and
when he sees me, when he hears the car,
he comes over here and eats.  So,
the important thing is not whether the dog
comes to smell me or touch me or comes closer,
no.  The important thing is that the dog eats and
that the dog knows that you are coming to give him
food.  For him, humans are bad
because they hit him, kick him, don't
feed him, and bother him.  And here in
this area there are a lot of dogs, a lot, a lot of
dogs.  Well, he lives on the
street, but living on the street
here isn't the same as living on the
street in Spain or other countries,
okay?  For a dog.  That you
understand, that it is clear to you.  And this
shitty guy, well I call him shitty
because I think he's a handsome man
and he's a dog we've been helping
for a long time, just like
others.  So to criticize, wasn't it
you who was once out to dinner
with Chi, etc., and
a dog that Fran was feeding approached you?  Yes,
yes.  In the series, in the series he carried
the bag of feed in the car and said that it
had cured his Also, also that
dog that they are mentioning to me, Lili.
That dog was a Lily is
mentioning a dog to me, it happens that that
would have to be looked up in the videos, but it
is a dog that appeared several times in the
series, in the second series I did with
Fran, okay?  It was in a scene,
we were in a scene, but I don't
know if it's on my channel or if it was in the
Kick live shows or whatever, okay?
Um, and that dog is amazing because he's
the cutest dog I've ever seen
, man, because he had a face like a
cartoon, man.  He had a
cartoon face.  I liked it when
Frank made that content.  Yes, well, what is
going on, there is no need to do it, you don't
say.  And as you can see, I spend the day
putting food on the reels.
[Music]
These dogs at the end of the day live on
the street and they're
hungry,
huh?  Yes,
[Music]
lollipop.  Now, who has seen the
dog?
Uh, it's just that every time she sees him she
goes crazy.  Do you see it?  The
dogs are approaching.  This is why this is routine,
right?  Yes, being banned by Joyid is something I
've warned about many times.
My son, I'm so sorry, but you're banned.   You
have to be a little more clever,
son.  It will appear to you right away.  You have to
have a little more brilliance.  This, no,
no, but these are things that are
routine, right?  I mean, these are things that
are routine because the dog doesn't
come up to you because Fran
wants to play a role because they're
recording him.  No,
yes.
He's going to give her ice cream.
[Music]
What a shame.  He's happier than you.  We've
known this little dog since, well,
you already knew him when you arrived.
Yes, she's a little dog.  I come here,
the other is a son.
Don't fight, guys.  You are for everyone.
[Music]
Look, we always eat ice cream
together.
Well, and the noodles.  The noodles.
Wow, these are
children.  Look how well behaved they are.  Look how
cute!
Very good.  There it is, shitty.  He's
eating like every day.  Every
day eating the shitty stuff.  There
's the shitty lady who I don't know if she's
the mother.  We don't know if she is the mother or
not.  The shitty thing is there.
Looks better, huh?  It looks better than it
did before.  Behold.  See if you can see it clearly.
What's up, [ __ ]?  How are we?  This
is a
good one.  You can see it better there.
You see?  It's really shitty.  And this one
is very good.  Look, look, look, look,
look how shitty it appears.  Look, look,
nothingness appears.  Look, it's
sausage day.  Sausage day,
kids.  Sausage day
is the best day in the world
because you can eat it without
swallowing.  Eat without swallowing.  Behold.  I mean,
how hungry he is.
This one is hungrier.
What a shame, man.  So much hurry to eat
in case the
others come.  That the guy is there.
Come on, we have to cut it short.
Pear the sausage.  Look behind, look
behind.  There it comes, man.  Little eyes.   You
already smell.
[Music]
Hey, hey, hey, behave yourself, hey, behave yourself
, I have
[Music]
two.  Let's see, there are sausages for
everyone
here.  There are sausages for everyone here.
Full support for Frank Paloma.
Avoso.  Kiss, Claudia, gorgeous.
[Music]
Glad you haven't seen any eyes around
here.  Well, this is
sausage day, kids.  Look, look,
look, look, look, look.  Come on,
man, come here.  Take some sausage,
you bastard.  Take sausage.  Take
that.  Oh, the sausage.  Take sausage.
I'm going, Lili.  Shitty.  Take.  There everything for
you and there for
[Music]
moso.  Now you sit down to eat,
huh?  I also don't want it if you slowly
get closer and such, and they end up
holding your hand.  But we don't
want that either.  We want to be brought closer
to humans.
Well, you know that every morning and
every night I put food out for him.
Just happy.  This is the dog
we are talking about.  Look.  This is it, but wait
because I think Lili sent it to me.   I
think Lili sent it to me better,
right?  Minute 12. Let's see, I'll start
reading the letter.  The letter.  Look and see.
Give me a serranito de pollo, okay?  Let's see
if I can also get some
whisky-infused sirloin and a shortbread.
Javi is reading.
The host.  IRL IRL first class.  Look,
look, we're there with the chi, huh?
We are there with the chi.  Hey, guys,
you're all going to see Thai food here.
Bring on the spicy potatoes.   Phew
!  I don't like to eat here
[Music]
.  How strong this is now, isn't it?  It's so
powerful to see this now, isn't it, family?
Look, look, there we are, huh?
[Music]
It's the chi that's recording.  It's the
chi, the one who is moving the camera.  It's
the ch.
[Music]
There we go to put the chiillo to
eat.  Surreal,
[Music]
huh?  That's the dog.  Look at him, look at him.
Oh, don't you see it, don't you see it.  I [ __ ] on
10. Wait, there you see it.  Look, see, look at
the little face, look at the little
face.  It will be look at the little face, look at the
little face, look at the little
face.  Look, look at the little face, look at the
little face.  It's just that it's super cute.  It's
super cute.  Look,
man, water.  Come, come with me.
Guys, this guy's been around for a while,
look at him, eh?  And there we are.  Do you
remember?  Those of you who have known me for a
while, had a completely messed up leg.
We fixed it for him and whenever we come,
the guy is always happy.  All
[Music]
happy.  Look, here Fran takes out the
poison.  Here Fran takes out the
[Music]
poison.  What's happening?  Come here, come here, come
here.
What's happening?
[Music]
There we are eating with the chi,
huh?  Man, how are things, huh?  You
never know what life has in store for you,
right?  And who's going to hit you?  Here,
pirulo.   You
never know who's going to screw you in
life,
right?  F. Who would tell us this here, huh?
Who would have told us what they are
doing to us here today?
[Music]
This is a good idea, huh, Lili?
How good.  Look, this dog
was beautiful, man.
What a good dog this is.
We cure him, we deworm him.  He doesn't
have one, right?  The pimp has been left clean
.  It's soft, soft, soft.  It has
been cleaned.  He likes Mira.  How
happy.  How handsome.  Awesome.  Well, we
heal it, we clean it.  One more bite and you're
out.
Let's see how much he charges us.
says that Javi has to clean the
dishes.
10  No, 9  is not bad.  There are four
Coca-Colas, one water and four plates.
9  is not bad.  Javi has eaten a
small piece of pork.  Two, two balls.
Javi has eaten two pellets.  Guys,
we're done IRL.  We're done.  Yes, because
we're going home and so on.  Wow, what a bomb,
guys.  What's going to happen? How strong is
this, huh?  That's cool, guys.  I don't know
if I should go to another channel or if you want us to
watch "Esto lo tengo para la salsera" (I have this for the
salsera).  Yeah, I don't know if you want us to
put up the video of Sape says, "A Day
in the Life of My Dad," but I think
I'll send you guys straight there and
have you watch it there, okay, folks?  I
think so, don't you?  Better not.
[Music]